# SkyblockAddons for HyperiumJailbreak

In order to simplify porting SkyblockAddons to the HyperiumJailbreak platform, it has been ported in a "portable patch" form.
This means that all changes to SBA are contained within the `Add_HyperiumJailbreak_support.patch` file.

NOTE!: The file is autogenerated, and should NOT be manually edited.

## How to Use

To apply/edit the patch, you will first need [IntelliJ IDEA](https://jetbrains.com/idea) and [Git](https://git-scm.com).
Once you have it:

1. Clone this repository, keep its location on your disk in mind
2. Clone SkyblockAddons from https://github.com/BiscuitDevelopment/SkyblockAddons.git
3. Run `git checkout c3d6b11fe147f2d92a69af279db203cd25083599` in the cloned directory (to ensure you don't try to apply patches against a version that we aren't prepared for)
4. Open the SkyblockAddons project in IntelliJ
5. Select `VCS` on the toolbar at the top of the screen, then select `Apply Patch...`
6. A box asking where the patch is should show up. Navigate to where you cloned this repository, and select the `Add_HyperiumJailbreak_support.patch` file.

The patch should be applied!

### Updating the Patch

Once you have followed the steps listed above to apply the patch to the cloned version of SBA, you can proceed to modify the SBA source however you like.
To update the patch once you are done editing it:

1. Select `VCS` on the toolbar at the top of the screen, then select `Create Patch from Local Changes`
2. Tick the checkbox of everything present in the displayed list of changed files
3. On the side, uncheck all items so that stuff like silent code cleanup doesn't accidentally change something important without you reviewing it
4. Click `Create Patch` at the bottom.
5. If given the option, copy the patch contents to your clipboard. Otherwise, save the patch and then replace the contents of `Add_HyperiumJailbreak_support.patch` with the saved patch
6. Commit and push the changed patch file

You have now updated the patch.

## But Why Patching??

SBA is still under active development, so it is just best to take a single SBA commit and patch it.
This allows us to update SBA easily. Assuming changes have been made to files other than the ones patched, it can be applied effortlessly.
If a file we directly patch is updated, it can easily be rolled back, the upstream change pulled, and then recreated against the new code.
Assuming we didn't patch, we would be manually stuck on an old SBA version, with a different history then upstream, preventing us from actually updating easily.
